hey guys what's going on it's awful here
and today I'm going to be bringing you
guys our first playlist Wednesday as you
guys should know from my last video I'm
now going to upload videos every
Wednesday along with my regular Monday
and Friday uploads and my Wednesday
uploads will be called playlist
Wednesday's today I'm going to be
showing you guys how to travel around
the quickest way possible I'm not
talking about map to map i'm talking
about town to town so like from kerning
city to I'll Nath this is a very quick
tip that not everyone knows although
most of you might know it already there
are still some people out there that
don't know it and this is just a tip
series to you know teach you guys new
things even if you guys know it already
you know maybe you'll remind you guys
and basically what you're going to want
to do you're going to want to use this
quick move tool up here say you're in El
Nath all right use quick move up here
you click this and you're going to want
to go to a new leaf City to go to be
able to go to new leaf city via the
dimension portal you have to be level 20
or above so pretty much anyone could do
it you want to click neo city and then
it will take you straight to neo city
from there you want to take the subway
and come to kerning city and you'll end
up in kerning city of course so once
you're in kerning city the next step I
skip the previous step because I didn't
want you guys to have to watch me going
on the subway and all that stuff and so
I just skip to kerning city the other
part is very simple and what you're
going to want to do from this point is
click the ship icon click yes it'll take
you here alright and then you're going
to want to go down here on this ladder
climb up the rope talk to this portal
right here in two dimensional portal yes
it'll take you to pantheon now from
pantheon you could either explore helium
and pantheon or you could do what this
guide is teaching you and
go to any town in maple world not
including shower or you know the other
places like that but pretty much
anywhere you could go to six paths cross
way which is where we just came from and
this is shalini aperion kerning with
harbor sleepy would Nautilus you know
all the places there's three pages worth
and I'm going to go ahead and go to El
Nath click go and voila I'm in on that
simple as that so that's pretty much how
you get from town to town as quick as
possible and the good thing is
dimensional mirror is in almost every
single place again excluding shawa and
other places like that but it's pretty
much everywhere and you could always go
to newly city and just repeat the
process if you want to go somewhere else
so it's a really cool tip it takes like
30 seconds to do it all in total you
know minus the wait for the subway train
but yeah it's pretty good tip for those
that don't have a hyper teleport rock or
a teleport rock of some kind I don't
know if I mentioned it before but just
in case I'll mention it again this is my
maple tips 101 series and next week I'll
be doing a different series on my
Wednesday upload so just stick stay
tuned for that again thank you all for
the support this has been a sort of
production and I'll see you guys all on
Friday later